
Chunk 1:
How can I contact the Boots company?
You can contact the Boots Company using the details below:
Boots Central Customer Care Team
PO Box 5300
Nottingham
NG90 1AA
To email us please click here
Alternatively, you can ring us on:
0345 070 80 90 for our general Customer Care team
0345 609 0055 for boots.com enquiries.
0345 125 3752 for Boots Opticians appointments
0345 125 3752 for Boots Opticians contact lens reward scheme.
0345 124 4545 for Boots Advantage Card and loyalty schemes (not for queries
regarding points earned on boots.com)
0345 121 9040 for Boots online pharmacy services
Standard opening hours
Monday to Friday: 9am - 6pm
Saturday: 9am - 5pm
Sunday: Closed
Bank holidays: 9am - 4pm
Christmas Day and Easter Sunday: Closed


Chunk 2:
Can I have more information on your
Waste Electrical and Electronic
Equipment (WEEE) and battery
recycling policy?
Why recycle?
Unwanted electrical equipment & batteries are the UKs fastest growing type of
waste.
For household batteries we have special collection points in all our UK Boots stores
where you can dispose of batteries which will then be recycled.
Many electrical items can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the
environment. If you do not recycle, electrical equipment will end up in landfill where
hazardous substances will leak out and cause soil and water contamination -
harming wildlife and also human health. Please do not throw any electrical
equipment in your household bins.
We are pleased to offer our customers the chance to recycle their old electrical
items.
What Boots do
Boots supports the WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment) Regulations,
which means we provide takeback of electrical equipment in all of our stores – we
takeback small electrical items which we sell such as hairdryers, hair styling
equipment and toothbrushes.
To find out more about where you can recycle electrical waste, simply
visit www.recycle-more.co.uk or contact our free helpline 0800 915 9023.
To remind you that old electrical equipment can be recycled, it is now marked with a
crossed-out wheelie bin symbol. Please do not throw any electrical equipment
(including those marked with the crossed-out wheelie bin symbol) in your bin.
What is WEEE?
The Waste Electrical or Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive requires countries to
maximise separate collection and environmentally friendly processing of these items.
In the UK, distributors (including retailers) must provide a system which allows all
customers buying new electrical equipment the opportunity to recycle their old items
free of charge. Those establishing their own take-back scheme must as a minimum
offer all customers buying new electrical equipment free take back of their old
electricals on a like-for-like basis.
Find more information on WEEE recycling, and locate your local recycling centre,
at www.recyclenow.com.


Chunk 3:
What is the Boots security and privacy
policy?
For information on Boots security & privacy policy please click here


Chunk 4:
What are flash cookies (or local shared
objects)?
Boots online uses Adobe Flash Player to deliver video content and interactive
product images. Flash cookies are stored on your device in a similar way to usual
cookies, but they're managed differently by your browser. If you wish to disable or
delete Flash cookies, see Adobe Flash Player security settings. If you disable Flash
cookies for Boots online, you may be unable to view certain types of information and
content on the site, such as videos and interactive product images.


Chunk 5:
How do I change my cookie settings?
By default, cookies should be enabled on your computer or device. If not, your
experience on Boots will be limited to browsing, viewing and searching for products.
You will not be able to purchase products or use other helpful tools. If you'd prefer to
restrict, block or delete cookies from Boots or any other website, you can use your
internet browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'help' menu on
your browser to learn how to change your cookies preferences, or
visit www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
To adjust your cookie settings on our website or for more information please see our
page on privacy & cookies


Chunk 6:
How can I arrange work experience
with Boots?
To arrange work experience in one of our Boots stores, please contact the manager
of your local store.
To arrange work experience in our support office, please click on the following link -
https://www.boots.jobs


Chunk 7:
How do I get information about jobs at
Boots?
Please visit www.boots.jobs for more information about vacancies at Boots.


Chunk 8:
How do I give feedback?
If you would like to contact Boots regarding a compliment, complaint or to give us feedback
regarding Boots or one of our stores please us our Contact us page for details.
To leave feedback on a specific product you will need to 'review' this product. You can do this
by searching for the product online and click onto write a review on the product description
page. This will take you to a new page where you can feedback on a product for other
customers to read.


Chunk 9:
Are Boots able to help support our
charity event?
At Boots UK, our focus is on our long-term, strategic partnership with Macmillan
Cancer Support. Our customers voted for Macmillan as the charity they wanted us to
support. Our shared vision is that within three years everyone, wherever they are in
the UK, will have access to the best cancer information and support in their
community.
We are also in partnership with BBC Children in Need - another cause that is close
to the hearts of our customers and colleagues.


Chunk 10:
What are cookies and how are they
used?
Cookies are small useful text files that are stored on your computer when you visit
some websites. They are used to remember useful information that allows certain
functionality to work, for example cookies can be used to remember what's in your
shopping basket while you browse or if you're logged in or not. Cookies can't harm
your computer, and are active for differing lengths of time, some are stored until you
close your browser, while others may last for several weeks or more. To find out
more about cookies, how they work and how to manage them,
visit www.allaboutcookies.org.


Chunk 11:
How do Boots use cookies?
The Boots websites have a variety of useful features and tools, and to make best
use of them your computer, tablet or mobile device will need to accept cookies. We
can only provide you with certain features by using cookies, for example, to place
orders on our website, it's necessary to use cookies to remember your basket and
promotions. If you have chosen to disable cookies you will still be able to browse the
websites, look at and search for products and read content but some functions may
be unavailable, such as logging in to your account.
We have partnerships with organisations that may also set cookies as you use
Boots. These are normally used to help keep advertising relevant and to ensure
marketing tools work correctly such as cash-back websites (e.g. Quidco)
In the coming months we will be providing you with extra control, by giving you the
option to consent to cookies when you visit Boots.
Boots uses cookies in a number of ways:
1. Strictly necessary cookies:
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off
in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which
amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in
or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these
cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any
personally identifiable information.
2. Performance cookies:
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and
improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most
and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these
cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these
cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to
monitor its performance.
3. Functionality cookies:
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services
we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of
these services may not function properly.
4. Targeting cookies:
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be
used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant
adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based
on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these
cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
In the coming months we will be providing you with extra control, by giving you the
option to consent to cookies when you visit Boots.


Chunk 12:
What cookies are used online at
Boots?
Please see the full list of the cookies we use on boots.com and boots.ie by clicking
the link below. From time to time, we may make changes to this list as we add or
remove features from our website. For more information on our cookie policy, and
why we use them, see our page on privacy & cookies.


Chunk 13:
How do I send a compliment about the
website?
It's always great to receive positive comments. You can give your feedback using the
Contact us page link below.
boots.com
boots.ie


Chunk 14:
Do you have apprenticeships /
internships / graduate scheme
placements?
For information on working for Boots, please visit out Boots Jobs website here


Chunk 15:
How do Boots try to detect & prevent
crime?
To protect our customers, our staff and our business, we may use your personal
data to help prevent and detect crime. We use CCTV to record images in our stores,
and when you place an order on our website, we carry out identity verification and
fraud prevention checks, validating the personal information you give against
appropriate third-party databases. This may involve disclosing information to a Credit
Reference Agency, which will keep a record of that information and may pass it to
the police.
If you require access to CCTV footage (for example, if you are the victim of a crime
that takes place on Boots premises), you should write to us at:
Central Customer Care Team
D94
Nottingham
NG90 1BS
UK
We will ask you to provide proof of your identity, the date and approximate time of
the incident you wish to view and as much detail as you can to help us locate the
correct footage, and we may make a small charge. We will do our best to help, but
there are situations in which we may be unable to make CCTV footage available to
you, such as where the incident occurred some time ago or if we believe that
allowing you to view it would breach someone else's privacy.


Chunk 16:
Is the Boots website secure?
All of our pages that deal with your personal or payment information are HTTPS
secured so your data will be safe. Some of our other pages are in the process of
being moved from the HTTP to the HTTPS platform. As a result, you may see parts
of our website flagged as unsecured, these pages don’t handle your personal data
and won’t compromise your shopping experience.


Chunk 17:
What is the online affiliates
programme?
What are affiliates?
Affiliates are partner websites, blogs or forums that earn commissions on sales generated
from links to our website. To enable affiliates to do this easily, we provide them with banners,
product data fields and text links. Please refer to our terms and conditions for more
information.
How do I join?
If you own or operate a website you can apply to join our affiliate programme to receive
commission on sales generated by your visitors to our site. The programme is managed by
our exclusive partner, Awin. For information and guidelines on how to apply and for terms
and conditions please click here or contact uk-boots@awin.com.

