
Chunk 1:
How do I change my prescription order
once I've placed it?
If you placed a repeat prescription order to be delivered to you, please contact the
Boots Online Prescription Service on 0345 121 9040.
If you chose to collect your prescription order at one of our pharmacies, please
contact them using the details on our store locator and a member of our pharmacy
team will help.


Chunk 2:
Do you offer the seasonal flu
vaccination?
Yes. To check if your local store offers this service, you can check the store locator
below. Remember to select winter flu jab service in the find additional store services
field. You can find out more on our flu vaccinations page.
UK
RoI


Chunk 3:
Where can I find the opening hours of a
Boots pharmacy?
Please use our store locator below to find the opening hours of your nearest Boots
pharmacy.
UK
RoI


Chunk 4:
Do I need to be in for delivery of my
medicines and what happens if I am
out?
If you choose letterbox delivery, your package will be posted through your letterbox.
If for any reason your package won't fit through your letterbox or if you choose
signed for delivery and you're not in when the delivery is made, a card will be put
through your door with details of where to collect your package from.
Remember if a signature is required it will need to be signed by someone aged 18 or
over.


Chunk 5:
What happens if I change my mind
after placing my prescription order?
If you'd chosen to collect your prescription order from a pharmacy but decide not to
collect it because you no longer need it, you'll need to contact the pharmacy to let
them know and they'll cancel the order for you. You'll get a refund via your original
payment method.
If you asked for the medicine to be delivered to you and you've already received your
dispatch notice, unfortunately we won't be able to cancel your order or offer a refund.


Chunk 6:
Can I get a refund on prescription
charges for medicines bought online?
Once your medicines have been dispatched for delivery, or you have collected them,
we can't accept returns or offer refunds on prescription charges for medicines.


Chunk 7:
Can I return unwanted medicines?
Yes, you can take them to your local pharmacy for disposal, but we won't be able to
offer you a refund on unwanted medicine.


Chunk 8:
What are the delivery charges for
prescriptions delivered to my home?
We offer free postal delivery for NHS Repeat prescriptions ordered online.
For online private prescriptions, if the order is less than £45, the postal delivery cost
is £3.50. If the order is over £45, we'll deliver your medicines free of charge.
Please note, if your order includes an NHS one off prescription and a private
prescription costing less than £45 you will be charged £3.50 for postal delivery.
For prescriptions ordered in store, the delivery cost is £5 per delivery or £55 per
year.


Chunk 9:
Can you deliver to my workplace?
Yes, we can deliver to any UK address apart from PO boxes, as long as there is
someone over the age of 18 to sign for your package if you chose signed for
delivery. In some circumstances letterbox delivery may be available.


Chunk 10:
How do I complain about the Boots
online pharmacy?
Our aim is to provide excellent service at all times. If we fail to reach these standards
and you’re unhappy with our prescription service in any way, please contact us via
one of the following methods:
Call Boots Customer Care on 0345 070 8090
Email Boots Customer Care at boots.customercare@boots.co.uk
Write with your complaint to:
Boots Customer Care
PO Box 5300
Nottingham
NG90 1AA


Chunk 11:
Do you offer travel vaccinations?
Yes, we offer travel vaccinations. For more details, please visit our travel
vaccinations page.


Chunk 12:
Who can I contact if there is a problem
with delivering my prescription?
If you haven’t received your prescription order, or if it is incomplete, please contact
us as soon as possible on our local call rate number on 0345 121 9040 and well
resolve any issues. Unfortunately, once prescription medicines have been
despatched, we can’t offer a refund.


Chunk 13:
How do I book an appointment on
boots.com?
If you need to book an appointment, please see below:
 Select the type of appointment you require
 Choose a date, time and location
 Enter your details
 An email/text confirmation will follow shortly


Chunk 14:
How do I change or cancel an
appointment?
You can amend or cancel your appointment in the following ways:
 Either click the link in your confirmation email/text or log into boots.com
 Once you are logged in, select My Account
 Select My Appointments
 You will have the option to amend or cancel an appointment
 You will receive a new confirmation email/text


Chunk 15:
Can you deliver prescriptions
overseas?
Sorry, were only able to supply customers in the UK with prescriptions issued by UK
registered prescribers.


Chunk 16:
How do I make a complaint about
Boots prescription service?
Our aim is to provide excellent service at all times. If we fail to reach these standards
and you’re unhappy with our prescription service in any way, please contact us via
one of the following methods:
 Call Boots Customer Care on 0345 070 8090
 Email Boots Customer Care at boots.customercare_team@boots.co.uk
 Write with your complaint to:
Boots Customer Care
PO Box 5300
Nottingham
NG90 1AA


Chunk 17:
When do I pay for my travel
vaccinations?
You pay in store, as the cost is dependent on what vaccinations you require.


Chunk 18:
My GP appointment booking was
confirmed on screen, but I haven't
received a confirmation email?
You will only receive confirmation in an email if your GP surgery normally confirms
the booking of appointments by email.


Chunk 19:
Can I have more information about
your pharmacy services?
If you would like more information about our pharmacy services please click
here and select the relevant service you require.


Chunk 20:
Which services can I book online?
You can see all the services you can book for in the drop-down menu on our
appointment booking page. For all other appointments visit your nearest Boots store,
using the details available on our store locator on boots.com or the Boots app.

